# LogSystem  
Generate reports  
- ticky_check.py generates two different reports from this internal ticketing system log file i.e., syslog.log. This script will create the following reports:  
  - The ranking of errors generated by the system: A list of all the error messages logged and how many times each error was found, sorted by the most common error to the least common error. This report doesn't take into account the users involved.  
  - The user usage statistics for the service: A list of all users that have used the system, including how many info messages and how many error messages they've generated. This report is sorted by username.

- Visualize reports  
  - First, give executable permission to the Python script ticky_check.py.
  'chmod +x ticky_check.py'
  - Run the ticky_check.py by using the following command:  
  './ticky_check.py'
  - Executing ticky_check.py will generate two report file __error_message.csv __and user_statistics.csv.

- The __error_message.csv __and user_statistics.csv can be visualized by converting them to HTML pages. To do this, pass the files one by one to the script csv_to _html.py file, like we did in the previous section.

To convert the error_message.csv into HTML file run the following command:

./csv_to_html.py error_message.csv /var/www/html/<html-filename>.html
Replace <html-filename> with the name of your choice.

To convert user_statistics.csv into HTML file, run the following command:

./csv_to_html.py user_statistics.csv /var/www/html/<html-filename>.html
Replace <html-filename> with the new name

Now, to view these HTML pages, open any web-browser and enter the following URL in the search bar.

[linux-instance-external-IP]/[html-filename].html


Click Check my progress to verify the objective.
Generate two CSV report files and visualize data on the web
